Transition plan for modularization (#701)
kyma-project/community: concepts/modularization/README.md

## I have a simple component with a Helm chart. Why do I need an operator?

> With the operator, you can fully control your component lifecycle and ensure that your component are reconciled to the desired state (watch component config and actual state). Each operator comes with a custom resource that describes module configuration and represents module installation status. It is a way to enable users with providing chart overrides in a controlled way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the operator, you can fully control your component lifecycle and ensure that your component are reconciled to the desired state (watch component config and actual state). Each operator comes with a custom resource that describes module configuration and represents module installation status. It is a way to enable users with providing chart overrides in a controlled way.
```
I think this is not only used for chart overrides but also for operator-related settings right? For sure, chart overrides are the most straight-forward use case, but also things like namespace injection for istio would be configured here right?

> With the operator, you can fully control your component lifecycle and ensure that your component are reconciled to the desired state (watch component config and actual state). Each operator comes with a custom resource that describes module configuration and represents module installation status. It is a way to enable users with providing chart overrides in a controlled way.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With the operator, you can fully control your component lifecycle and ensure that your component are reconciled to the desired state (watch component config and actual state). Each operator comes with a custom resource that describes the module configuration and represents the module installation status. It is a way to enable users with providing chart overrides in a controlled way.
```

## Can I run multiple versions of central operator

Yes. But to avoid concurrent updates and unpredictable outcomes, you must ensure that each module instance described by your module custom resource is reconciled (managed) by a single operator. You can achieve that by marking your custom resources with labels pointing to release channels in your module template. Then you can deploy one central module per release channel and update them independently.

## How do we migrate all the modules to the new concept?

> The initial plan is described in the [transition](transition.md) document.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Read about the initial plan in the [transition document](transition.md).
```
